androidx/print/R.java
 androidx.print.R
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/core/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.core.R
com/google/android/gms/measurement/api/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.measurement.api.R
firebase/com/protolitewrapper/R.java
 firebase.com.protolitewrapper.R
androidx/arch/core/R.java
 androidx.arch.core.R
androidx/fragment/R.java
 androidx.fragment.R
 androidx.fragment.R$attr
 androidx.fragment.R$color
 androidx.fragment.R$dimen
 androidx.fragment.R$drawable
 androidx.fragment.R$id
 androidx.fragment.R$integer
 androidx.fragment.R$layout
 androidx.fragment.R$string
 androidx.fragment.R$style
 androidx.fragment.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/database/collection/R.java
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$color
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$id
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$string
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$style
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$styleable
androidx/savedstate/R.java
 androidx.savedstate.R
com/google/android/gms/measurement_base/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.measurement_base.R
com/google/firebase/firestore/R.java
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$color
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$id
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$string
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$style
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/R.java
 com.google.firebase.R
 com.google.firebase.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.R$color
 com.google.firebase.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.R$id
 com.google.firebase.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.R$string
 com.google.firebase.R$style
 com.google.firebase.R$styleable
androidx/interpolator/R.java
 androidx.interpolator.R
androidx/core/R.java
 androidx.core.R
 androidx.core.R$attr
 androidx.core.R$color
 androidx.core.R$dimen
 androidx.core.R$drawable
 androidx.core.R$id
 androidx.core.R$integer
 androidx.core.R$layout
 androidx.core.R$string
 androidx.core.R$style
 androidx.core.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/measurement/sdk/api/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.measurement.sdk.api.R
com/jaumard/smsautofill/R.java
 com.jaumard.smsautofill.R
 com.jaumard.smsautofill.R$attr
 com.jaumard.smsautofill.R$color
 com.jaumard.smsautofill.R$dimen
 com.jaumard.smsautofill.R$drawable
 com.jaumard.smsautofill.R$id
 com.jaumard.smsautofill.R$integer
 com.jaumard.smsautofill.R$layout
 com.jaumard.smsautofill.R$string
 com.jaumard.smsautofill.R$style
 com.jaumard.smsautofill.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/auth/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.auth.R
com/google/firebase/analytics/connector/R.java
 com.google.firebase.analytics.connector.R
androidx/test/espresso/R.java
 androidx.test.espresso.R
com/google/android/gms/common/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.common.R
 com.google.android.gms.common.R$integer
 com.google.android.gms.common.R$string
androidx/activity/R.java
 androidx.activity.R
 androidx.activity.R$attr
 androidx.activity.R$color
 androidx.activity.R$dimen
 androidx.activity.R$drawable
 androidx.activity.R$id
 androidx.activity.R$integer
 androidx.activity.R$layout
 androidx.activity.R$string
 androidx.activity.R$style
 androidx.activity.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/firebase_analytics/R.java
 com.google.firebase.firebase_analytics.R
com/google/android/gms/base/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.base.R
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$attr
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$color
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$drawable
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$id
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$string
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/auth/ktx/R.java
 com.google.firebase.auth.ktx.R
com/google/firebase/analytics/ktx/R.java
 com.google.firebase.analytics.ktx.R
com/google/firebase/installations/R.java
 com.google.firebase.installations.R
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$color
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$id
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$string
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$style
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$styleable
androidx/versionedparcelable/R.java
 androidx.versionedparcelable.R
androidx/multidex/R.java
 androidx.multidex.R
dev/flutter/integration_test/R.java
 dev.flutter.integration_test.R
 dev.flutter.integration_test.R$attr
 dev.flutter.integration_test.R$color
 dev.flutter.integration_test.R$dimen
 dev.flutter.integration_test.R$drawable
 dev.flutter.integration_test.R$id
 dev.flutter.integration_test.R$integer
 dev.flutter.integration_test.R$layout
 dev.flutter.integration_test.R$string
 dev.flutter.integration_test.R$style
 dev.flutter.integration_test.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/viewmodel/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.R
com/google/android/gms/auth/api/phone/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.phone.R
io/flutter/plugins/share/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.share.R
 io.flutter.plugins.share.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.share.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.share.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.share.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.share.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.share.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.share.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.share.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.share.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.share.R$styleable
 io.flutter.plugins.share.R$xml
com/example/multi_select_item/R.java
 com.example.multi_select_item.R
 com.example.multi_select_item.R$attr
 com.example.multi_select_item.R$color
 com.example.multi_select_item.R$dimen
 com.example.multi_select_item.R$drawable
 com.example.multi_select_item.R$id
 com.example.multi_select_item.R$integer
 com.example.multi_select_item.R$layout
 com.example.multi_select_item.R$string
 com.example.multi_select_item.R$style
 com.example.multi_select_item.R$styleable
com/example/stainless_v2/R.java
 com.example.stainless_v2.R
 com.example.stainless_v2.R$attr
 com.example.stainless_v2.R$color
 com.example.stainless_v2.R$dimen
 com.example.stainless_v2.R$drawable
 com.example.stainless_v2.R$id
 com.example.stainless_v2.R$integer
 com.example.stainless_v2.R$layout
 com.example.stainless_v2.R$mipmap
 com.example.stainless_v2.R$string
 com.example.stainless_v2.R$style
 com.example.stainless_v2.R$styleable
 com.example.stainless_v2.R$xml
com/google/android/gms/safetynet/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.safetynet.R
io/grpc/android/R.java
 io.grpc.android.R
com/google/firebase/ktx/R.java
 com.google.firebase.ktx.R
 com.google.firebase.ktx.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.ktx.R$color
 com.google.firebase.ktx.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.ktx.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.ktx.R$id
 com.google.firebase.ktx.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.ktx.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.ktx.R$string
 com.google.firebase.ktx.R$style
 com.google.firebase.ktx.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.R
com/google/firebase/measurement_impl/R.java
 com.google.firebase.measurement_impl.R
androidx/lifecycle/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.R
androidx/documentfile/R.java
 androidx.documentfile.R
com/google/android/gms/auth/api/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$attr
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$color
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$dimen
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$drawable
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$id
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$integer
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$layout
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$string
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$style
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$styleable
io/flutter/plugins/firebase/firestore/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.firestore.R
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.firestore.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.firestore.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.firestore.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.firestore.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.firestore.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.firestore.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.firestore.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.firestore.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.firestore.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.firestore.R$styleable
androidx/customview/R.java
 androidx.customview.R
 androidx.customview.R$attr
 androidx.customview.R$color
 androidx.customview.R$dimen
 androidx.customview.R$drawable
 androidx.customview.R$id
 androidx.customview.R$integer
 androidx.customview.R$layout
 androidx.customview.R$string
 androidx.customview.R$style
 androidx.customview.R$styleable
androidx/exifinterface/R.java
 androidx.exifinterface.R
io/flutter/plugins/firebase/storage/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.storage.R
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.storage.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.storage.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.storage.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.storage.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.storage.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.storage.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.storage.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.storage.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.storage.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.storage.R$styleable
androidx/loader/R.java
 androidx.loader.R
 androidx.loader.R$attr
 androidx.loader.R$color
 androidx.loader.R$dimen
 androidx.loader.R$drawable
 androidx.loader.R$id
 androidx.loader.R$integer
 androidx.loader.R$layout
 androidx.loader.R$string
 androidx.loader.R$style
 androidx.loader.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/auth/R.java
 com.google.firebase.auth.R
com/google/android/gms/stats/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.stats.R
androidx/legacy/coreutils/R.java
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$color
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$id
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$string
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$style
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/components/R.java
 com.google.firebase.components.R
io/flutter/plugins/flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$styleable
io/flutter/plugins/GeneratedPluginRegistrant.java
 io.flutter.plugins.GeneratedPluginRegistrant
com/google/android/gms/measurement/sdk/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.measurement.sdk.R
com/google/firebase/storage/R.java
 com.google.firebase.storage.R
 com.google.firebase.storage.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.storage.R$color
 com.google.firebase.storage.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.storage.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.storage.R$id
 com.google.firebase.storage.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.storage.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.storage.R$string
 com.google.firebase.storage.R$style
 com.google.firebase.storage.R$styleable
androidx/test/R.java
 androidx.test.R
com/google/firebase/measurement/R.java
 com.google.firebase.measurement.R
io/flutter/plugins/imagepicker/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$styleable
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$xml
androidx/viewpager/R.java
 androidx.viewpager.R
 androidx.viewpager.R$attr
 androidx.viewpager.R$color
 androidx.viewpager.R$dimen
 androidx.viewpager.R$drawable
 androidx.viewpager.R$id
 androidx.viewpager.R$integer
 androidx.viewpager.R$layout
 androidx.viewpager.R$string
 androidx.viewpager.R$style
 androidx.viewpager.R$styleable
io/flutter/plugins/firebase/core/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$styleable
androidx/localbroadcastmanager/R.java
 androidx.localbroadcastmanager.R
io/flutter/plugins/firebase/auth/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.auth.R
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.auth.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.auth.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.auth.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.auth.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.auth.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.auth.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.auth.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.auth.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.auth.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.auth.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/tasks/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.tasks.R
com/example/stainless_v2/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.stainless_v2.BuildConfig
com/google/firebase/auth/internal/R.java
 com.google.firebase.auth.internal.R
androidx/browser/R.java
 androidx.browser.R
 androidx.browser.R$attr
 androidx.browser.R$color
 androidx.browser.R$dimen
 androidx.browser.R$drawable
 androidx.browser.R$id
 androidx.browser.R$integer
 androidx.browser.R$layout
 androidx.browser.R$string
 androidx.browser.R$style
 androidx.browser.R$styleable
 androidx.browser.R$xml
com/google/firebase/installations/interop/R.java
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$color
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$id
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$string
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$style
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/ads_identifier/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.ads_identifier.R
